We were able to create a charge with Stripe successfully, and now we should probably write out some
kind of automated test.
Before we write out the test.
However, I want to mention that there are two different approaches we can use to really test out this
stripe stuff.
First, we could test this out by trying to make use of the actual Stripe library.
We can make sure that whenever we run a test or try to test this handler, we could ensure that we reach
out to the Stripe API successfully and create a new charge, and that would definitely be a very realistic
test.
However, it would also be kind of annoying to put together because remember that environment variable
for our stripe key is only accessible inside of our Kubernetes cluster, but we are currently running
our tests on our local machine outside of the cluster.
So that means that we do not have access to that environment variable.
So if we wanted to somehow make sure that we could reach out to the real Stripe API, we would have
to make sure that as we run our tests, we still have access to that API key.
That would involve just a little bit of setup possibly of creating a new environment variable on our
local machine.
It would definitely be something we could do, but again, just a little bit annoying.
The second approach we could take is to create another mock around the Stripe library itself or really
our stripe file.
You might recall that inside of our CRC directory we've got the MOX folder and we've already got a mocked
Nats wrapper.
We could create a very similar mock for the stripe file as well and we can make sure that we export
some kind of mock object that has the same kind of API as this thing right here.
So some kind of object that has a charges property and on that charges property has a create function
that returns some kind of promise that will eventually be resolved.
So again, two possible approaches.
We're going to first take a look at how to implement this using a mock and then maybe we'll see what
happens.
Perhaps we'll refactor it to use the actual Stripe API.
All right.
So to get started inside of our Mocs directory, inside the SRC folder, we're going to make a new file
of.
Stripe dots.
So inside of here, we are going to make a fake copy of Stripe and this will be executed or imported
only when we are running our code in the test environment.
So ultimately we want to export something that is going to have the same kind of structure as this file
right here.
So we want to make sure we export something called Stripe with the lowercase s and it needs to have
a charges property.
And on the charges property, it has to have that create function.
So inside of this mock file.
I will export bounced stripe.
This is going to be an object that has a charges property and on charges we will have a create function.
So this great function right here, well, we can definitely make it a real function, but instead we're
going to make it a just mock.
Remember, mock functions are really fantastic because we can take a look at them and make sure that
they get called with appropriate arguments.
So we're going to put in here just for this time around.
This mock function is going to be just a little bit more complicated.
You might recall back inside of our net's wrapper for the mock function we created over here, we changed
on that mock implementation function, and that made sure that anytime we called the publish function,
we actually executed this function right here.
We're going to do something very similar at this time around.
But instead of providing a mock implementation, we're going to instead provide a dot mock resolved
value.
So this Microsoft value right here makes sure that whenever we call the create function, we are going
to get back a promise that automatically resolves itself with an empty object.
The only reason we are doing this is because back inside of our actual root handler.
Our expectation right here is that when we call create, we are going to get back some kind of promise
and then we are awaiting that promise to be resolved.
So that's why we are going to mark resolve value.
We're going to return a promise immediately that automatically resolves itself.
Okay.
So that is it for the mock file, believe it or not.
So now we can go back over to our test file inside that test directory.
And we could write out a new test that asserts that we can make a request to our endpoint with some
valid token or whatever else.
We'll make sure that we call that mock function.
Then we could write out some kind of expectation around it.
At the very top of this file, we will tell Gest to redirect the import to that stripe file and instead
use our mocked version of the stripe file.
We'll do a just mock up two directories stripe.
Then down at the bottom, the file.
We'll put together a new test.
And say it returns a about 204 because we are technically creating a record here.
With valid inputs.
So inside of this test, we're going to do a little bit of setup called a handler and then maybe also
make sure, besides the fact that returns A to a four, make sure it actually calls that create function
or the charge create function and provide some valid arguments to it.
So inside of here, we're going to do the same kind of setup we did in the previous test.
So I'm going to go to the previous test and just take everything from user ID down to the order save.
So I'm going to copy all that and put it into our new test.
I will update the status here from cancelled to created to make sure that we can actually pay for this
order.
And then after saving the order, I'll make the actual request.
So I'll do an await request to app.
I want to do a post request to API payments.
I'm going to set my cookie to user or global sign in.
That's what I want.
User ID.
And I'm going to send along.
A valid token.
Now, keep in mind that this token is not actually going to be used because we have mocked out the charge
create function, but we will remove that mark in just a little bit to take a look at an alternative
approach, as I mentioned.
And so eventually we do want to make sure that we've got a valid token here.
So since our account is in the test mode, we can put in OC Underscore Visa.
And as I mentioned, this is a token that is always going to work for Stripe accounts that are in the
test mode.
And then our order ID will be the ID, the order we just created a moment ago.
So order ID.
All right.
This video is running a little bit long.
So let's just take a quick pause right here and then wrap up this test in the next video.